1. How do you create a new repository on GitHub?

In the upper-right corner of my page, i have used the drop-down menu, and select New repository. Then  a short, memorable name for your repository. i add a description of my repository. I Choose a repository visibility then I
Select Initialize this repository with a README. Click Create repository.

2. How do you copy a repository onto your local machine from GitHub?

From the list of repositories, i have to click the repository i want to clone. To select the local directory into which i want to clone the repository, next to the "Local Path" field, click Choose and navigate to the directory. At the bottom of the "Clone a Repository" window, click Clone.

3. What is the default name of your remote connection?


4. Explain what origin is in git push origin main.

Git push origin is a git command that pushes a local branch to a remote repository . Origin is the actually conventional shorthand name of the url for the remote repository (usually in GitHub or another cloud git repository provider) for my project.

5. Explain what main is in git push origin main.

Where git push initiates the push, origin refers to the remote counterpart of the project, and main is the branch name.

6. Explain the two-stage system that Git uses to save files.

A save in Git is divided into two terminal commands: add and commit.

7. How do you check the status of your current repository?

 Git status command

8. How do you add files to the staging area in git?

 git add -A command or the git add . command.

9. How do you commit the files in the staging area and add a descriptive message?
git add .
git add file1.txt file2.js
git status
git commit -m ""
git push origin master

10. How do you push your changes to your repository on GitHub?
git init
git remote add origin https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
git push <remote-name> <branch-name>
git push origin main

11. How do you look at the history of your previous commits
cd /path/to/your/repo
git log
git log --oneline